== Kiva for Paralegals

This project is hosted at www.worldJustice.co.  

I was asked to design a prototype for a non-profit called Justice Empowerment International (www.justempower.org).  Their 
organization trains local citizens in Nigeria to provide paralegal services to impoverished clients who otherwise would
go without legal representation.  These indigent clients would otherwise have no recourse against such unfortunately frequent
occurrences as wrongful eviction and police brutality.  They wanted a fundraising platform similar to Kiva (www.kiva.org).  
Specifically, they want a way for users to sign up, learn about paralegals, and choose one (or several) to help sponsor.  
Unlike traditional fundraising websites (and like Kiva), a user can sponsor a small amount of a paralegal's monthly costs -- 
crowdfunding for paralegals!  The sponsors can then track the paralegal's progress and cases.  Over time (the organization
is in its early stages), the paralegals will have significant data about their effectiveness, which sponsors can 
review when choosing whom to sponsor.

For a technical challenge, I cloned the main look and functionality of Kiva in a (mostly) single-page app using Backbone.js 
to practice front-end development while using Rails to creating a database, associations and RESTful API on the backend 
provide the features and store the relevant information JEI wanted. I'm continuing to work with JEI to create a 
website that meets their and their user's needs, including developing a form and procedure for easy entry 
of new paralegal data.  The goal is for this platform to not only be used by JEI but potentially other organizations within a group 
called Namati, which train paralegals throughout Africa.  

Currently, the site allows users to sign up, create accounts, upload their photo, review the paralegals, sponsor them, view their sponsors, 
create and join donation teams, and review their teams.  Users can also see how much in total sponsorships they have outstanding, and 
can see on the paralegal's page all others who are participating in sponsoring that person. The next steps are to implement a 
blogging system (allowing paralegals to provide updates viewable only by sponsors), to include case information and data, to 
allow messaging, and to handle actual payments (using a third-party solution such as Stripe).  This project combines a lot of interesting 
technical problems with my interests in international human rights law and helping people, and I'm really excited to keep 
building it for JEI.

<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
